hey guys what's up and welcome to a
audio comparison test between the blue
snowball microphone which you were
hearing right now and they built-in
microphone in my macbook pro this is the
MacBook Pro 2010 model 13-inch this is
the same voice recording is not me
saying it twice
I used audacity to record one and
ScreenFlow to record once they're both
pretty capable recording softwares that
should capture the full quality of this
so this is the same sentence me saying
it so don't don't think it's me saying a
different that could change it this is
the same sentence I said it recorded it
with two applications so it should sound
exactly the same as in me talking but
the quality is very different so yeah
I'm gonna play that right now and just
listen to that the quick brown fox
jumped over the lazy dog the quick brown
fox jumped over the lazy dog okay so
after you've listened to both of them
you can tell that the blue snowball is a
lot better I was talking I wasn't
talking directly to the blue snowball I
wasn't talking directly to the belkin
built-in mic but I was talking aiming at
the computer screen so that is more
towards the microphone but I am talking
at the computer when I'm looking you
know cuz I'm looking at the computer
when I'm saying this so I'm not gonna be
looking at the blue snowball microphone
like I am right now
because right now I'm all up in the
microphones grids and stuff so I hope
that sound determined whether you should
get one of these or not personally I
like it
if you have enough money I would go for
the blue Yeti because it will record
just like it'll it's better detection
it's not the quality it'll look if
you're further away but if you're close
like I am it's fine so I think the
quality is nice and I hope this helped
you I'll see you later bye